Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today,
we're going to go into all of the
audiences that you need to target on
your Facebook ads. Now, maybe you're
currently using Facebook ads and
currently your campaigns aren't working,
or maybe you're just starting off and
you have no idea where to begin. Start
with this list. I'm going to be
including audiences not only for your
prospecting top of funnel cold
audiences, but also for your retargeting
warm audiences so that you have all of
your bases covered and you can start
getting those initial sales and leads in
your campaigns. This is also a great
list for experienced advertisers because
let's face it, our jobs are never done.
We are always testing. I'm going to be
starting off with my favorite interest
targeting tactics for the top of funnel,
which is perfect for those of you who
have brand new stores and new pixels
that don't have enough data for those
super powerful look-alike audiences. The
first interest targeting tactic I love
testing out is actually creating an ad
set with all of the publications that
your potential customers read. If you
think about it, the publications we read
tell a lot about us, and the more that
you include, the more that you're going
to be zeroing in on your potential
customer. So, I always love including,
you know, where does my potential
customer get the news? New York Times,
Fox News, CNN, BBC. I like choosing one
of those, but then I also like going
into what they read for fun. So, maybe
I'm marketing a women's fashion brand,
so I'll include Refinery 29, I'll
include Vogue, I'll include PopSugar.
But maybe they're more into science, so
I'll include something like Popular
Science. And, you know, if they have
other interests like architecture, I'll
do Architectural Home. But if you think
about it, there are tons of publications
out there, and a lot of them are
available on Facebook ads targeting,
which is why I love including it. And
the more diverse your list is, the more
you're actually honing in on your
potential customer. I would try and keep
it to at least 10 publications or more
ideally inside this interest audience ad
set. Another interest ad set I love
testing out is competitors and that
includes both your aspirational and
direct competitors. Now, maybe your
direct competitors are small enough so
that you can't actually target them on
Facebook ads. That's why I include your
aspirational competitors and those are
your competitors that you aspire to be
like but they have a big enough brand
and following that you can target them
on Facebook ads. The next ad set I love
testing is compiling a list of all the
brands that your potential customers
spend money on. I call this the brand
spending ad set. And the key here is to
not just look at your competitors where
your potential customers might be
spending money. It's to look at all the
places that they spend money. So, you
would look at things like where do they
spend money on food? Do they go to Whole
Foods or do they go to a local co-op?
Where do they spend money on their
clothes? Do they go to H&M or do they go
to something a little bit higher end?
And then I would take a look at their
specific hobbies where they are spending
money. So, if they do yoga, what kind of
yoga clothes do they buy? What kind of
equipment do they buy? The key here is
to look at multiple facets of your
potential customers life and look at
where they are spending money because
Facebook has this data and the more
varied you are, the more you're going to
be able to hone in on your potential
customer. But the key is is that you're
going to have their purchase data which
makes it a lot more powerful than just
looking at their potential interests. I
also like to create several custom
avatar audiences which is pretty much
just a compilation of all of the other
ad sets that we had tested but for
specific avatars. So, maybe you're
targeting yogis so you're going to be
looking at yoga publications, you're
going to be looking at yoga competitors
but you're also going to be looking at
where other places yoga people might be
spending their money. Now, we're going
to look at the look-alike audiences you
need to test in your Facebook ad
campaigns. Now, look-alike audiences are
the bread and butter of Facebook ads
targeting. They're the most powerful
targeting option tool that you have. So,
if you have enough data in your store
and in your pixel, you definitely have
to test these out. So, the most obvious,
but frankly most powerful look-alike you
need in your Facebook ads campaign is a
look-alike based on purchases. But,
there's tons of ways to do this and I
recommend that you try them all. Number
one, you can create a pixel purchase
look-alike based on data directly from
your your pixel. Of course, do that.
But, you should also be creating a
custom list from all the people who have
ever purchased from your Shopify store
and then create a look-alike based on
that custom list. Another look-alike I
like doing off of purchases is a new
customer look-alike. So, these are
people who have purchased within the
last 30 days. I particularly like doing
this around Black Friday, Cyber Monday,
or other big sales because it really
opens yourself up to newer audiences.
And the other one that I like to do, and
you're going to need quite a few
purchases for this, are your VIP
customers. These are customers with a
particularly high average order value or
maybe multiple customers. I would
recommend taking that VIP customer list,
exporting it from Shopify. But, another
way that you can also do this is by
creating an LTV or lifetime value
look-alike audience directly in Facebook
ads from your pixel data, which I would
also highly recommend. Another
look-alike audience I always recommend
trying is based on social engagers. So,
I tend to combine Facebook and Instagram
into one look-alike audience, but if you
have a particularly strong following on
Instagram and then not really much on
Facebook, I would just do Instagram so
that you can be sure you have the
highest quality list possible. If you
don't have enough data to create a
purchase look-alike, you can still
create look-alikes based on your website
visitors. And I actually do recommend
this for brands that are just starting
off. What I like to do is I like to
create a look-alike audience based on
website visitors all the way up to 180
days. And then I also like to include a
look-alike audience based on the top 25%
of users on the site, which is based on
site time. I also like doing a
look-alike audience based on users who
have been to a specific product page on
the website. This is probably most
likely going to be a best-selling
product that you have. Next, we're going
to go into your retargeting audiences.
Now, these are people that have already
had some kind of interaction with your
brand. But, the reason why it is so
important to set up a cohesive
retargeting funnel is because 80% of
people do not convert on the first
touchpoint. So, if you only get in
contact with you, you know, your cold
audiences once, people aren't going to
convert. You could make a lot more money
if you took the time to also install a
cohesive retargeting funnel. If this is
your first time setting up a cohesive
retargeting funnel, what I would do is I
would go ahead and add one ad set
targeting your social engagers at a time
window of 365 days. And I would add
another ad set for all of your website
visitors up to 180 days, which is the
max limit. If you're worried about
targeting people with too big of a time
window, I would not worry about it
because for these retargeting campaigns,
you're going to be optimizing for a
purchase. So, if Facebook doesn't think
that these people are going to purchase,
they're not going to show the your ad to
them over and over again. As long as you
keep a budget that is in line with the
audience size. So, in order to track
that, you're going to be looking closely
at the frequency. For retargeting
campaigns, I like to keep my frequency
at a four or below. So, as long as you
follow that guideline, you're not going
to be hitting the same people up over
and over again that have no interest in
purchasing. Another campaign that I love
to include in a retargeting funnel is a
catalog sales objective campaign that
contains dynamic product ads. Now, what
this is going to do is it's going to
retarget your potential customers with
products that they've already viewed or
added to cart, which is super powerful.
And I go ahead and begin that campaign
by retargeting those people with a 7-day
window look back. So, if your main goal
is to get those first purchases,
definitely just start off with seven,
but if you start to see success there,
then I would start opening it up to
longer retargeting windows, such as 14,
30, 60, and all the way up to 180. If
you're wondering why I have such big
time windows for the retargeting
campaign for social engagers and website
visitors versus the dynamic product ads
or catalog sales, the reason is because
I've actually found a lot more success
with the retargeting funnels for social
media engagers and website visitors with
a lot bigger time window. And I think
that that is because we're much more
often changing up the creative there, as
opposed to the dynamic product ads,
those are most likely just going to be
images of your products that are taken
directly from your product catalog, so
they probably have a white background
and they look a little boring. So, I
tend to find that, you know, we're able
to get a lot more people purchasing
through those other retargeting funnels
using more diverse creative. But with
that said, for your dynamic product ads
catalog sales campaigns, go ahead and
start at seven days, but when you find
success with it, go ahead and bump it up
to 14, bump it up to 21 or 30, and keep
on going until you find that your
campaigns aren't as successful anymore.
You can go up to 180 days on dynamic
product ads. If you found this video
helpful, please hit subscribe so that
you can see all of my videos about how
to make your business more successful
using Facebook ads. If you have any
questions about how to use Facebook or
Instagram to grow your business, leave
me a comment below with your question,
and I will create a video reply
especially for your question. Okay,
thanks guys. Bye.